PetsLove is a pet store chain that was founded in 1960 in Whittier, California. The store was originally called Love's Pet Shop and was a small pet store that sold products for dogs and cats. 
Over time, the store expanded its product line to include aquatic products, bird products, and small animal products. In 1987, the store was renamed PetsLove and began to offer a wider range of animals and products. 
The pet store has remained a family-owned business, with the founder's granddaughter, Christine Chang, taking over as CEO and creative director in 2010. Under Christine's leadership, PetsLove has undergone several upgrades and renovations. 
In 2015, the store's new owners announced plans for new animals and exhibits, with facilities upgrades first on the list. PetsLove is known for its commitment to animal welfare and education. The pet store offers up-close animal adventures and interactive areas for visitors to enjoy. The store also hosts events throughout the year, such as the annual Pet Expo event, where kids can enjoy the store and learn about animals.
 PetsLove has become a popular destination for families and animal lovers alike. The pet store and zoo continue to expand their product lines and services, with a focus on providing visitors with a unique and memorable experience.
 
 
 
 
Privacy Policy
This is My Pet Store’s Privacy Policy and the purpose of this document is to inform you of how we manage, collect, use and disclose your Personal Data, which is subject to the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act (No. 26 of 2012) (“the PDPA”). Our Privacy Policy supplements, but does not supersede nor replace any other consent you may have previously provided to My Pet Store in respect of your Personal Data. In addition, we may update this Personal Data Protection Policy to ensure that it is consistent with industry trends and/or changes in legal or regulatory requirements. Subject to your rights at law, you agree to be bound by the prevailing terms of the PDPA as updated from time to time on our website www.mypetstoresg.com

Introduction To The PDPA

    Personal Data as defined in the PDPA is defined to mean data, whether true or false, about an individual who can be identified from that data, or from that data and other information to which an organization has or is likely to access to.
    My Pet Store will only collect your personal data directly from you, in accordance with the PDPA. We shall take every effort to notify you of the purposes for which your personal data may be collected, used, disclosed and/or processed, as well as obtain your consent for the collection, use, disclosure and/or processing of your personal data for the intended purposes, save for where there is an exception where the law permits us to collect and process your personal data without your consent.


Collection Of Your Personal Data

    My Pet Store collects your Personal Data either directly from you or from your authorised representatives, from third parties, or from publicly available sources or through our website including, but not limited to, the following ways:
        When you submit a form to sign up for our newsletters;
        When you interact with our customer service team (e.g. via telephone calls, letters, face-to-face meetings, emails, posts and messages on our social media pages etc.);
        When you use some of our services, for example, websites and apps including establishing any online accounts with us;
        When you request that we contact you;
        When you respond to our promotions, initiatives or to any request for additional Personal Data;
        When you are contacted by, and respond to, our marketing representatives and customer service team;
        When we receive references from business partners and third parties, for example, where you have been referred by them;
        When you submit your Personal Data to us for any other reasons; or
        When you browse our website, you generally do so anonymously but please see our Clause below on Cookies.
    If you provide us with any Personal Data relating to a third party (e.g. information of your spouse, children, parents, and/or employees), by submitting such information to us, you represent to us that you have obtained the consent of the third party to provide us with their Personal Data for the respective purposes.
    You should take due care to ensure that all Personal Data submitted to us are complete, accurate, true and correct at the date of submission. Failure on your part to do so many result in our inability to provide you with the Products and/or Services you have requested.


Purposes For The Collection, Use And Disclosure Of Personal Data

    The Personal Data which we collect from you may be collected, used, disclosed and/or processed for various purposes, depending on the circumstances for which we deem fit to process your personal data. This is including, but not limited to:
        Communicating with you on your enquiries, and/or sending you marketing, advertising and promotional information with regard to our products and/or materials relating to events, production, shows, concerts and/or services that we have, our partners and third party organisations with whom we are collaborating, may be selling or marketing;
        Administrative matters on your sign-ups/registration for accounts, payments or refunds; and
        Any other purposes that we notify you of at the time of obtaining your consent
    My Pet Store endeavors to ensure third parties to protect your Personal Data to the best of our abilities, in the event we should share your Personal Data with said third parties with your consent.
    Where permitted under the PDPA, My Pet Store may collect, use your Personal Data for the following additional purposes:
        Analytics and tracking;
        Conducting market research and surveys to enable us to understand and serve our My Pet Store customers better, including, but not limited to, understanding preferences, demographics to improve our service delivery and customer experience at our touch points;
        Providing additional products to benefit you, including promotions, loyalty and reward programs at My Pet Store;
        Matching Personal Data with other data collected for other purposes and from other sources (including third parties) in connection with the provision, marketing or offering of products by My Pet Store;
        Administering contests, competitions and marketing campaigns, and personalising your experience at My Pet Store;
        Communicating advertisements involving My Pet Store products, special offers, rewards, either to our customers generally, or which we have identified may be of interest to you (including, but not limited to, upselling, cross selling and online marketing);
        Organising promotional events and corporate social responsibility projects;
        Purposes which are reasonably related to the aforesaid; and
    These examples are not exhaustive and you are encouraged to peruse the Second, Third and Fourth Schedules of the PDPA that is publicly available at statutes.agc.gov.sg.
    If you have provided your Singapore telephone number, My Pet Store may contact you using such Singapore telephone number (including via voice calls, SMS, or other means) with information about our products or those products & services offered by our partners.


Request To Withdraw Consent

    When you shop on My Pet Store's website, we may send you promotional/marketing material via mail along with your order package. Should you wish to withdraw your consent for us to send you any sales, marketing or promotional information via regular mail, email or mobile services (e.g. SMS), please email at mypetstore@gmail.com
    Please be aware that once we receive confirmation that you wish to withdraw your consent for marketing or promotional materials/communication, it may take up to thirty (30) days for your withdrawal to be reflected in our systems. Therefore, you may still receive marketing or promotional materials/communication during this period of time. Please note that even if you withdraw your consent for the receipt of marketing or promotional materials through a specific mode, we may still contact you for other purposes in relation to the Products and Services that you hold or have subscribed to with My Pet Store.


Use Of Cookies

    A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. Most websites like ours use cookies to enhance your online experience.
    My Pet Store uses cookies on its websites for the following purposes:
        Enabling certain features and functions on our websites, e.g. remembering your details, browsing and other services preferences;
        Building up a profile of how you and other users use the website;
        Improving the efficiency of our website;
        Administering services to you and to advertisers; and
        Establishing usage statistics
    Most internet browsers provide you the option of turning off the processing of cookies, but this may result in the loss of functionality, restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates.
    Advertisements on the My Pet Store website may be provided by third party advertisers and their agencies. These may generate cookies to track how many people have seen a particular advertisement (or use the services of third parties to do this), and to track how many people have seen it more than once. My Pet Store does not control these third parties and their cookie policies and if you have questions about their cookie policies, please contact My Pet Store and we will try our best to assist you by providing information about these third party advertising agencies.
    My Pet Store is not responsible for the Personal Data policies (including Personal Data protection and cookies), content or security of any third party websites linked to the My Pet Store website.

